It sounds like you have a nice idea, but it was not showcased adequately. Your Github has several implemented functions that you could have showcased in your examples, but that didn't occur. In other words, I feel that you have put in the work, but without me being able to see if your code works, it's impossible to grade it.

<ins>Description:</ins> I think I understand the entire scope of your library, but you could define explore better the uses cases, which in turn will give you a better idea of what you should implement. The user benefit is not clear at this stage, since the proposed features are too simple to justify the use of the library.

<ins>Features:</ins> right now, the number of implemented features is not sufficient. Even the features you mention in the proposal are often simplistic, and definitely could either be expanded, or replaced by more interesting features. For instance, one feature that I find more useful in navigation bars is to be able to collapse elements that are in the same horizontal line (for instance, go from Icon + Text to just Icon, and then back, for each individual element). Maybe take a look at what other navigation libraries out there implement, and try to draw inspiration from that. Note that I would have graded this as 1, but decided to check your Github and I see you have definitely tried to implement way more than you have showcased, so I gave it a passing grade.

<ins>Example Webpage:</ins> the example webpage contains no text, and the single example in the page is extremely simplistic and provides no insight on how your library will work. The output of the library currently does not resemble a navigation bar. In the future, you should provide a series of examples and, for each of them, at least some description text and the output of the library. You can also include the JS code that generated each example below their description, right before showing the final result.
